Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we can also use a while loop to keep the program running until a user wants it to end.
Let's take a look at how we might do that.
So as you can see I started off with some comments and I'm back in my idol editor now.
So let's start off at a prompt prompt.
Equals going to put this on a new line backslash and.
And this program
anther Q OK now prompt We want to add to it now plus add the following line to the prompt and pull on
a new line.
Please and there your name
OK and let's see now.
OK so we have two problems now.
Next we're going to create a variable message on this very.
It's just going to be essentially empty.
So while our message does not equal Q Do the following message equals.
So we're assigning our prompt to a message
then we print our message which is the prompt.
Now let's run this and see what happens.
Well first let's save it.
OK so it's saved.
Now let's run to end this program.
Enter queue.
Please enter your name.
Tony OK so will keep going.
Keep going and then enter Q And it over.
Perfect.
So there's a quick program that you can use and will use now going forward to keep the programs running
until the user wants them to end.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.